depending on how we regularize 
we have to consider scaling as weell
read about how scaling affects your model





DEMOGRAPHICS EFFECTS THE REAL ESTATE DEMAND
---
AGE
RACE
GENDER
INCOME
MIGRATION PATTERN
POPULATION GROWTH

ii) Interest --- as they go low the price of properties go high, 
cause home owners know the demand will be high
 
interest rates also have a major impact on the real estate markets. 
Changes in interest rates can greatly influence a person's ability to 
purchase a residential property. That is because the lower interest
 rates go, the lower the cost to obtain a mortgage to buy a home will be,
 which creates a higher demand for real estate, which again pushes 
prices up. Conversely, as interest rates rise, the cost to obtain 
a mortgage increases, thus lowering demand and prices of real estate.


The Economy

Another key factor that affects the value of real estate
 is the overall health of the economy. This is generally 
measured by economic indicators such as the GDP, employment data,
 manufacturing activity, the prices of goods, etc. 
Broadly speaking, when the economy is sluggish, so is real estate.


Government Policies/Subsidies

Legislation is also another factor that can have a sizable impact on
 property demand and prices. Tax credits, deductions and subsidies are 
some of the ways the government can temporarily boost demand for real
 estate for as long as they are in place. Being aware of current government
 incentives can help you determine changes in supply and demand and 
identify potentially false trends. For example, in 2009, the U.S. 
government introduced a first-time homebuyer's tax credit to homeowners 
in an attempt to jump-start home sales in a sluggish economy 
(only those who purchased homes between 2008-2010 is eligible). 
According to the National Association of Realtors (NAR), 
this tax incentive alone led to 900,000 homebuyers to buy homes. 
This was quite a sizable increase, although temporary, and without
 knowing the increase was a result of the tax incentive, you may 
have ended up concluding that the demand for housing was going up based
 on other factors.





QUESTIONS:

i) How would this affect the demand for second 
homes in popular vacation areas as more people start 
to retire? 

ii) How would this affect the demand 
for larger homes if incomes are smaller and the children
 have all moved out? 

iii) When do people see a house more 

iv) predicting price of a house.

v)











